Hi potential awesome Centralpoint employee and welcome to the Centralpoint Development code challenge. 

In this challenge we would like to see how you handle an assigment that was given by the stakeholders in this case the marketing team. 

The actual assignment will be described down here but first some practical things:
* To start off for this challenge we would like to see all you commits submitted.
* Also when finished we expect a pull request.
* This is an online challenge so we give you a full week to finish this, so you can arrange this with your other priorities you might have. So no rush challenge for 1 day. If your done faster probs to you!
* After finishing the challenge we will do a code review. 
* The code review will be then discussed with you in a short online call or in our premises in which you will be requested to demo this new feature.

If you have any questions don't hesitate to contact Konstantinos (lead backend) on konstantinos.maounis@centralpoint.eu 
We wish you good luck and do your best.

Cheers,

Team Development

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Our marketing team wants to us to develop a new purchasing shopping experience  in which a user enters a queue and then can purchase  ONE product for ONE quantity and only for ONE hour. 

Make an API application using
* Symfony
* RabbitMQ
* Unit test
* Docker Containers
* Possible API documentation.

Make the following authenticated backend endpoints: 
* Endpoint GET /api/queue/enter : 
    * User enters a queue and waits for a Queue Token (QT) , use JWT if possible (the browser is refreshing with a message)
    * Response is negative if the queue is not ready , full etc, there is an error with a message for the user
    * Generate a Queue Token (QT) preferably using JWT that expires in one hour , add it to RabbitMQ, you will need this message  later in order to validate that the user did not fabricate his own QT and it was only generated by the system. 
    * Response is positive, the user gets the QT in which we can use for the next step. 

Make a queue worker (QWorker) which takes all messages from the RabbitMQ Queue Tokens (QT) and generates new Purchase Tokens (PT) and add them in the Database (for example MySQL).

* Endpoint POST /api/queue/exchange-qt-for-pt:
    * User waits to exchange this QT with a Purchase Token (PT)  preferably using JWT that expires in one hour.
    * Response is negative if the PT is not avaiable yet, remember that the user waits for the QWorker which converts all the QT to PT, token is expired etc with a message for the user
    * Check DB, see if the provided QT has a PT then give the user the (PT)
    * Response is positive the user gets the Purchase Token (PT) in which we can use for the next step. 

* Endpoint POST /api/shop/purchase : 
    * User will provide his Purchase Token (PT) in order to purchase of a new iPhone 11 Pro in a lower price. 
    * Response is negative if the product is out of stock , PT is invalid etc
    * Check DB , see if the provided Purchase Token (PT) is valid , add his order to the Database (for example MySQL)
    * Response is positive  the user gets a message that his order is placed.

